Add week 3 learning outcomes (#9)
foundersandcoders/coursebook: week-3/learning-outcomes.md

# Week 3 Learning Outcomes

## Testing

- [ ] **We can test the functionality of our app**
- [ ] We can write tests to mimic the behaviour of a user performing different actions
- [ ] We can check that passing a given input into our tests returns the expected output

### Modular functions

- [ ] **We can write testable, modular functions**

### HTML forms

> - [ ] **We can submit an HTML form without using JavaScript**

Reviewer: This is probably a better LO for week 1. This week they aren't going to have a server and will be making `fetch` requests in JS. My previous comment was just about using a "click" event rather than a "submit" event

```diff
- button.addEventListener("click", handle)
+ form.addEventListener("submit", handle)`
```

Author: ok, that makes sense. I'm thinking something like "We can apply event listeners to HTML form elements" then.

### Scope

> - [ ] **We can use function and block scope to store values inside temporary variables**

Reviewer: I think this might be confusing for them. I don't know if "temporary" will make sense for any variables at this point.

Scope is mostly about isolation, so maybe something like:

```suggestion
- [ ] **We can isolate variables inside function and block scopes**
```
